The whole of Guangzhou
Even the whole building gives me a face
Who do you say I am?
Impossible if you are that person
How could it be possible to stay in my house for 4 years?
and
Delivery only
You also saw this scene today
What else don't you believe?
The one above hasn't arrived yet.
You must have taken advantage of this hardship to pretend to be him
The fate of the expert
What else do you have to say?
That's also Mr. Gong's function
Even as I sit here today
Even if the good name kneels at my feet
You still think I'm nothing
Did you save Mr. Gong's life?
Or what kind of handle does Mr. Gong have in your hands?
The ignorant are fearless, miss
It looks like it could really be him.
Otherwise, how could you have such great ability?
You can do the whole thing.
I told you I wouldn't be wrong.
As soon as he started
I knew this person was not simple
But Lin Mengdi was with him for four years
We never found out who he was.
Is there any misunderstanding?
No matter what his identity is
They are all guests of our Yue family
Just wait and see if you're really that person
So now you need the pro back.
Since you said the whole building
Even Guangzhou can give you one.
It must not be difficult to bring the experts back
expert
It's just a dog I keep in Guangzhou
I want him to come
Let him go if you want
Now the expert has no value
I think you're bragging.
Making experts famous is Mr. Gong's purpose
Without Mr. Gong
You're afraid nothing is good
Then I'll show you what I can do today.